README.md, before:

<img src="/osu!station-logo.png" alt="osu!station Logo" width="128">
# osu!station Discord Bot

[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/yas-online/osustation-discord.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/yas-online/osustation-discord)
[![AppVeyor Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8dk7j9jq1alft34s/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/neico/osustation-discord/branch/master)

This bot is designed to provide the very same music that osu!station offers to be available on discord as well.

## Requirements

This bot requires at least NodeJS `6.3` to work correctly

## Request bot into Discord guild (server)
Click this: [<img src="https://discordapp.com/assets/fc0b01fe10a0b8c602fb0106d8189d9b.png" alt="Join Discord Guild(Server)" width="128">](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=202246859408932864&scope=bot)

You'll be prompted to which of the guilds (servers) you want to add the bot to (requires "Manage Server" permission)

## Credits

- [Neico](https://github.com/neico) - Creator
- Pixeldesu - Logo

Commit message:

add note about voice channel name requirement [ci-skip]

README.md, after:

<img src="/osu!station-logo.png" alt="osu!station Logo" width="128">
# osu!station Discord Bot

[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/yas-online/osustation-discord.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/yas-online/osustation-discord)
[![AppVeyor Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/8dk7j9jq1alft34s/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/neico/osustation-discord/branch/master)

This bot is designed to provide the very same music that osu!station offers to be available on discord as well.

## Requirements

This bot requires at least NodeJS `6.3` to work correctly

## Request bot into Discord guild (server)
Click this: [<img src="https://discordapp.com/assets/fc0b01fe10a0b8c602fb0106d8189d9b.png" alt="Join Discord Guild(Server)" width="128">](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=202246859408932864&scope=bot)

You'll be prompted to which of the guilds (servers) you want to add the bot to (requires "Manage Server" permission)

**Note:** the bot currently only looks for a "osu!station" or "osustation" voice channel, so make sure you have that before inviting the bot over (might be configurable in the future)

## Credits

- [Neico](https://github.com/neico) - Creator
- Pixeldesu - Logo
